INTRODUCTION:
    Since the State Council of China released the notice for allowing foreign-funded enterprises to sell console games in Shanghai Free-Trade Zone on Januray 6 2014, the 13 years long prohibition has been revoked. Console companies successively entered this market. Microsoft released XBOX One (for China mainland) on Sept 20 2014, and Sony released PS4 (for China mainland) on March 20 2015. China has an enormous market for video games. In 2014, the country's total gaming revenues reaches 114.5 billion yuan ($18.5 billion), up 37.7 percent year-over-year. Although there is no legal market for console game during prohibition, the revenue of grey market is estimated as 90 billion yuan ($15 billoin).
    However, there are several problems behind the flourishing growth of game industry. First, the overall quality of games made in China is mediocre, and a number of them are accused of plagiarism. Plagiarism here reprensents the illegal use of intellectual property, and the copycat of other famouse games. Second, the high-end game is still a blank in China. Although companies like Ubisoft Shanghai is known for associate development with foreign companies, there is no high-end video game independently produced in China that has ever hit the market. Third, piracy is still a severe problem. Even though the situation has been improved in recent years, but it relies more on the rise of free-to-play mobile games, but not the change of the industry. The fact is that consumers in China still have access to pirate resources easily. Except from stealing sales from legal product, piracy cultivates the habit of using cheap, or free pirate copies. All the issues reveals the distance between the game indusrty in China with foreigh countries. 
    So what influence will console games bring to the game industry in China mainland? To address this question, this paper is divided into three sections. The first is a discussion of the background of the game industry in China since the prohibition of console games in 2001, with particular reference to factors that caused baleful consequence of the game industry nowadays. The second section analyses the possible influence that consoles games will bring to the game industry in China. The icebreak of console games can promote the growth of mainland console market. However, there are various factors that threaten the success of console games companies in China, and reduce the benefit they can bring to the local industry. The last secion introduces a game TITLE that is based on the context of the situation of games in China, and explores the prospect of consoles.

CONCLUSION:
